17 CFR § 240.10b5-2 - Duties of trust or confidence in misappropriation insider trading cases.
CFR
prev
| next
§ 240.10b5-2   Duties of trust or confidence in misappropriation insider trading cases.
Preliminary Note to
§ 240.10
b
5-2:
This
section
provides a non-exclusive definition of circumstances in which a person has a duty of trust or confidence for purposes of the “misappropriation” theory of insider trading under
Section
10(b) of the Act and Rule 10b-5. The law of insider trading is otherwise defined by judicial opinions construing Rule 10b-5, and Rule 10b5-2 does not modify the
scope
of insider trading law in any other respect.
(a)
Scope of Rule.
This
section
shall apply to any violation of
Section
10(b) of the Act (
15 U.S.C. 78j(b)
) and § 240.10b-5 thereunder that is based on the purchase or sale of securities on the basis of, or the communication of,
material
nonpublic information misappropriated in breach of a duty of trust or confidence.
(b)
Enumerated “duties of trust or confidence.”
For purposes of this
section
, a “duty of trust or confidence” exists in the following circumstances, among others:
(1)
Whenever a person agrees to maintain information in confidence;
(2)
Whenever the person communicating the
material
nonpublic information and the person to whom it is communicated have a history, pattern, or practice of sharing confidences, such that the recipient of the information knows or reasonably should know that the person communicating the
material
nonpublic information expects that the recipient will maintain its confidentiality; or
(3)
Whenever a person receives or obtains
material
nonpublic information from his or her spouse,
parent
, child, or sibling;
provided,
however, that the person receiving or obtaining the information may demonstrate that no duty of trust or confidence existed with respect to the information, by establishing that he or she neither knew nor reasonably should have known that the person who was the source of the information expected that the person would keep the information confidential, because of the parties' history, pattern, or practice of sharing and maintaining confidences, and because there was no agreement or understanding to maintain the confidentiality of the information.
[
65 FR 51738
, Aug. 24, 2000]