EX-10.1
2
ex10-1.htm
EX-10.1
Exhibit
10.1
SUBSCRIPTION
AGREEMENT
This
Subscription Agreement
(this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of _____________, by and between
GREENPRO
CAPITAL CORP.,
a Nevada corporation (the “
Company
”) and the undersigned (the “Purchaser”). The Purchaser,
together with the Company shall be referred to as the “Parties”.
WHEREAS,
the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company
________
shares
of common stock, par value
$.0001
per share of the Company (“Common Stock”) pursuant to an exemption from registration
under Section 4(a)(2), Regulation D, and/or Regulation Sunder the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”) or
other applicable exemptions on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
NOW,
THEREFORE,
in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
1.
Securities
 Sale and Purchase.
The Company shall issue and sell to the Purchaser and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company
_________
shares of Common Stock of the Company (the “Shares” or the “Securities”) at a price of
$1.30
per
 share for a total amount of
$_______
(the “Purchase Price”) pursuant to an exemption from registration provided
 by Section 4(a)(2), Regulation D, and/or Regulation S promulgated under the 1933 Act or other applicable exemption.
2.
Closing.
At the closing, the Company will deliver to the Purchaser the Shares and the Purchase Price shall be paid by the Purchaser via
 wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company. The closing shall be held on such date as the
 parties may agree upon (the “Closing” and the “Closing Date”) at the offices of
B-23A-02, G-Vestor Tower,
 Pavilion Embassy, 200 Jalan Ampang, 50450 W.P. Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
at 10:00 a.m., or at such other location or by such other
 means upon which the parties may agree; provided, that all of the conditions set forth in Section 2 hereof and applicable to the
 Closing shall have been fulfilled or waived in accordance herewith.
3.
Representations,
 Warranties and Covenants of the Company.
The Company represents and warrants to the Purchaser, as of the date hereof, as follows:
(a)
Organization
 and standing
. The Company is a duly organized corporation, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
 of Nevada, has full power to carry on its business as and where such business is now being conducted and to own, lease and operate
 the properties and assets now owned or operated by it and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
 where the conduct of its business or the ownership of its properties requires such qualification.
(b)
Authorization
 and Power
. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby
 have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Agreement has been (or upon delivery will be) duly executed
 by the Company is or, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute, assuming due authorization, execution
 and delivery by each of the parties thereto, the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
 with its terms.
(c)
No
 Conflict.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
 do not (i) violate or conflict with the Company’s Ce1iificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents,
 (ii) conflict with or result (with the lapse of time or giving of notice or both) in a material breach or default under any material
 agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is otherwise bound, or (iii) violate any order, judgment,
 law, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, except where such violation, conflict or breach would not have a Material
 Adverse Effect on the Company. This Agreement when executed by the Company will be a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company
 enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar
 laws and equitable principles relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally).
(d)
Authorization
.
 Issuance of the Shares to Purchasers has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate actions of the Company.
(e)
Issuances
.
 The Shares to be issued hereunder will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
(f)
Litigation
 and Other Proceedings
. There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
 threatened against the Company at law or in equity before or by any court or Federal, state, municipal or their governmental department,
 commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign which could materially adversely affect the Company. The
 Company is not subject to any continuing order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or agency against it which would have a material
 adverse effect on the Company.
(g)
Use
 of Proceeds
. The proceeds of this Offering and sale of the Shares, net of payment of placement expenses, will be used by the
 Company for working capital and other general corporate purposes.
(h)
Consents/Approvals
.
 No consents, filings (other than Federal and state securities filings relating to the issuance of the Shares pursuant to applicable
 exemptions from registration, which the Company hereby undertakes to make in a timely fashion), authorizations or other actions of
 any governmental authority are required to be obtained or made by the Company for the Company’s execution, delivery and performance
 of this Agreement which have not already been obtained or made or will be made in a timely manner following the Closing.
(i)
No
 Commissions
. The Company has not incurred any obligation for any finder’s, broker’s or agent’s fees or commissions
 in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby.
(j)
Disclosure
.
 No representation or warranty by the Company in this Agreement, the Agreement, nor in any certificate, Schedule or Exhibit delivered
 or to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement: contains or will contain any untrue statement of material fact or omits or will omit
 to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading. To the knowledge of the Company
 and its subsidiaries at the time of the execution of this Agreement, there is no information concerning the Company and its subsidiaries
 or their respective businesses which has not heretofore been disclosed to the Purchasers that would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k)
Compliance
 with Laws
. The business of the Company and its subsidiaries has been and is presently being conducted so as to comply with all
 applicable material federal, state and local governmental laws, rules, regulations and ordinances.
4.
Purchaser
 Representations, Warranties and Agreements.
The Purchaser hereby acknowledges, represents and warrants as follows:
(a)
Organization;
 Authority. Such Purchaser is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
 its organization with the requisite corporate or partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
 contemplated by the applicable Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance
 by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or, if such
 Purchaser is not a corporation, such partnership, limited liability company or other applicable like action, on the part of such
 Purchaser. Each of this Agreement and other Documents has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser
 in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against
 it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
 moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors’ rights and remedies
 or by other equitable principles of general application.
(b)
Investment
 Intent. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares as principal for its own account for investment purposes only and not with a view
 to or for distributing or reselling such Shares or any part thereof, without prejudice, however, to such Purchaser’s right
 at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
 laws. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by such
 Purchaser to hold the Shares for any period of time. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares hereunder in the ordinary course of its
 business. Such Purchaser does not have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any
 of the Shares. The Purchaser further understands that transfer of the Common Stock is restricted under the Act and under state securities
 laws. The Purchaser also understands that said certificates shall contain a restrictive legend not inconsistent with the following
 language:
“THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE
ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF BUYER’S COUNSEL, IN A CUSTOMARY FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT.”
(c)
Purchaser
 Status.
(i)
The
 Purchaser agrees and acknowledges that it was not, a “U.S. Person” (as defined below) at the time the Purchaser was offered
 the Shares and as of the date hereof:
(A)
Any
 natural person resident in the United States;
(B)
Any
 partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States;
(C)
Any
 estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person;
(D)
Any
 trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person;
(E)
Any
 agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;
(F)
Any
 non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit
 or account of a U.S. person;
(G)
Any
 discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated,
 or (if an individual) resident of the United States; and
(H)
Any
 partnership or corporation if (i) organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction and (ii) formed by a U.S.
 person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the 1933 Act, unless it is organized or incorporated,
 and owned, by accredited Purchasers (as defined in Rule 50l(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act) who are not natural
 persons, estates or trusts.
“United
States” or “U.S.”
means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United
States, and the District of Columbia.
(ii)
The
 Purchaser understands that no action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Company that would permit a public offering
 of the Shares in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
(iii)
The
 Purchaser (i) as of the execution date of this Agreement is not located within the United States, and (ii) is not purchasing the
 Shares for the account or benefit of any U.S. Person, except in accordance with one or more available exemptions from the registration
 requirements of the 1933 Act or in a transaction not subject thereto.
(iv)
The
 Purchaser will not resell the Shares except in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S (Rule 90I through 905 and Preliminary
 Notes thereto), pursuant to a registration statement under the 1933 Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from registration;
 and agrees not to engage in hedging transactions with regard to such securities unless in compliance with the 1933 Act.
(v)
The
 Purchaser will not engage in hedging transactions with regard to shares of the Company prior to the expiration of the distribution
 compliance period specified in Category 2 or 3 (paragraph (b)(2) or (b)(3)) in Rule 903 of Regulation S, as applicable, unless in
 compliance with the 1933 Act; and as applicable, shall include statements to the effect that the securities have not been registered
 under the 1933 Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons (other than distributors) unless the securities
 are registered under the 1933 Act, or an exemption from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act is available.
(vi)
No
 form of “directed selling efforts” (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the 1933 Act), general solicitation
 or general advertising in violation of the 1933 Act has been or will be used nor will any offer by means of any directed selling
 efforts in the United States be made by the Purchaser or any of their representatives in connection with the offer and sale of the
 Purchased Shares.
(d)
General
 Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Shares as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
 regarding the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at
 any seminar or any other general solicitation or general adve1iisement.
(e)
Access
 to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has reviewed the disclosure materials and has been afforded (i) the opportunity
 to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms
 and conditions of the offering of the Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to information about
 the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management
 and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information
 that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment
 decision with respect to the investment. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by or on behalf of such Purchaser
 or its representatives or counsel shall modify, amend or affect such Purchaser’s right to rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness
 of the Disclosure Materials and the Company’s representations and warranties contained in the Transaction Documents.
(f)
Independent
 Investment Decision. Such Purchaser has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to purchase the Shares pursuant to the
 Agreement, and such Purchaser confirms that it has not relied on the advice of any other Purchaser’s business and/or legal
 counsel in making such decision. Such Purchaser has not relied on the business or legal advice of the Company or any of its agents,
 counsel or Affiliates in making its investment decision hereunder, and confirms that none of such Persons has made any representations
 or warranties to such Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
5.
Miscellaneous
(a)
Confidentiality.
 The Purchaser covenants and agrees that it will keep confidential and will not disclose or divulge any confidential or proprietary
 information that such Purchaser may obtain from the Company pursuant to financial statements, repo1ts, and other materials submitted
 by the Company to such Purchaser in connection with this offering or as a result of discussions with or inquiry made to the Company,
 unless such information is known, or until such information becomes known, to the public through no action by the Purchaser; provided,
 however, that a Purchaser may disclose such information (i) to its attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other professionals to
 the extent necessary in connection with his or her investment in the Company so long as any such professional to whom such information
 is disclosed is made aware of the Purchaser’s obligations hereunder and such professional agrees to be likewise bound as though
 such professional were a party hereto, (ii) if such information becomes generally available to the public through no fault of the
 Purchaser, or (iii) if such disclosure is required by applicable law or judicial order.
(b)
Successors.
 The covenants, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall be binding on the Purchaser’s and the Company’s
 heirs and legal representatives and shall inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the Company. The rights
 and obligations of this Subscription Agreement may not be assigned by any party without the prior written consent of the other party.
(c)
Counterparts.
 This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original agreement, but all of which together shall
 constitute one and the same instrument.
(d)
Execution
 by Facsimile. Execution and delivery of this Agreement by facsimile transmission (including the delivery of documents in Adobe PDF
 format) shall constitute execution and delivery of this Agreement for all purposes, with the same force and effect as execution and
 delivery of an original manually signed copy hereof.
(e)
Governing
 Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada applicable
 to contracts to be wholly performed within such state and without regard to conflicts of laws provisions. Any legal action or proceeding
 arising out of or relating to this Subscription Agreement and/or the Offering Documents may be instituted in the courts of the State
 of Nevada sitting in Nevada, and the parties hereto irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of each such court in any action or proceeding.
 Purchaser hereby irrevocably waives and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in every suit, action
 or other proceeding arising out of or based on this Subscription Agreement and/or the Offering Documents and brought in any such
 court, any claim that Purchaser is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above named Coutts, that Purchaser’s prope1ty
 is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that
 the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper.
(f)
Notices.
 All notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by certified
 or registered mail (first class postage pre-paid), guaranteed overnight delivery, or facsimile transmission if such transmission
 is confirmed by delivery by certified or registered mail (first class postage pre-paid) or guaranteed overnight delivery, to the
 following addresses and facsimile numbers (or to such other addresses or facsimile numbers which such patty shall subsequently designate
 in writing to the other party):
(i)
If
 to the Company:
GREENPRO
CAPITAL CORP
Attn:
Lee Chong Kuang
B-23A-02,
G-Vestor Tower, Pavilion Embassy, 200 Jalan Ampang, 50450
W.P.
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
(ii)
If
 to the Purchasers:
To
the addresses set forth on the signature pages.
(g)
Entire
 Agreement. This Agreement (including the Exhibits attached hereto) and other Transaction Documents delivered at the Closing pursuant
 hereto, contain the entire understanding of the patties in respect of its subject matter and supersede all prior agreements and understandings
 between or among the parties with respect to such subject matter. The Exhibits constitute a part hereof as though set forth in full
 above.
(h)
Amendment;
 Waiver. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, supplemented, canceled or discharged, except by written instrument executed
 by the Company and the Purchasers of not less than a majority of the principal amount of the subscription. No failure to exercise,
 and no delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver, nor shall any single or
 partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder preclude the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver
 of any breach of any provision shall be deemed to be a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision,
 nor shall any waiver be implied from any course of dealing between the parties. No extension of time for performance of any obligations
 or other acts hereunder or under any other agreement shall be deemed to be an extension of the time for performance of any other
 obligations or any other acts. The rights and remedies of the parties under this Agreement are in addition to all other rights and
 remedies, at law or equity that they may have against each other.
(i)
Severability.
 If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the
 remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt
 to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefore, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate
 such substitute provision in this Agreement.
[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]
IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the patties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
COMPANY:
GREENPRO
 CAPITAL CORP
By:
Name:
Lee
 Chong Kuang
Title:
Director
Email
 and Telephone:
ck.lee@greenprocapital.com
+6016-712
 0488
PURCHASER:
Name:
Passport:
Purchase
 Price: $1.30
Number
 of Shares: ____________
Address:
Email
 and telephone: