EX-10.7
3
ea026474101ex10-7_aperture.htm
PROMISSORY NOTE ISSUED TO APERTURE SPONSOR LLC
Exhibit 10.7
THIS PROMISSORY NOTE
(“NOTE”) HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). THIS NOTE
HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION
IS NOT REQUIRED.
PROMISSORY NOTE
Principal Amount: Up to $500,000
Dated as of September 30, 2025
New York, New York
Aperture AC, a Cayman
Islands exempted company and blank check company (the “
Maker
”), promises to pay to the order of Aperture Sponsor LLC
or its registered assigns or successors in interest
(the “
Payee
”),
or order, the principal sum of up to Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the
terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds
or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with
the provisions of this Note.
1. Principal.
The
principal balance of this Note shall be payable by the Maker on the earlier of: (i) June 30, 2026 or (ii) the date on which Maker consummates
an initial public offering of its securities (the “
IPO
”). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no
circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated
personally for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder.
2. Interest.
No
interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note.
3. Drawdown Requests.
Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) for costs reasonably related to Maker’s
IPO. The principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the earlier of: (i) June 30, 2026 or (ii) the date on which
Maker consummates an IPO, upon written request from Maker to Payee (each, a “
Drawdown Request
”). Each Drawdown Request
must state the amount to be drawn down, and must not be an amount less than Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) unless agreed upon by Maker
and Payee. Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than five (5) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided,
however, that the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively under this Note is Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000). Once an amount
is drawn down under this Note, it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests even if prepaid. No fees, payments or other amounts
shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker.
4. Application of
Payments.
All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this
Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney’s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to
the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note.
5. Events of Default.
The following shall constitute an event of default (“
Event of Default
”):
(a)
Failure to Make Required Payments
. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business
days of the date specified above.
(b)
Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc
. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator, restructuring officer (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property,
or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become
due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.
(c)
Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc
. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect
of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator, restructuring officer (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property,
or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a
period of 60 consecutive days.
6. Remedies.
(a)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note
to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall
become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.
(b)
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) and 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other
sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on
the part of Payee.
7. Waivers.
Maker
and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and
notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms
of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal,
or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for
any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may
be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ
in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee.
8. Unconditional Liability.
Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this
Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected
in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to
any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other
provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice
to Maker or affecting Maker’s liability hereunder.
9. Notices.
All
notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing and delivered: (i) personally
or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address
designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may
be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party
or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation,
if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days
after mailing if sent by mail.
10. Construction.
THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF.
11. Severability.
Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
12. Trust Waiver
.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind (“
Claim
”)
in or to any distribution of or from the trust account to be established in which the proceeds of the IPO to be conducted by the Maker
(including the deferred underwriters discounts and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units to be issued
in a private placement to occur prior to the closing of the IPO are to be deposited, as described in greater detail in the registration
statement and prospectus to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to
seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever.
13
.
Amendment;
Waiver
. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and
the Payee.
14
.
Assignment
.
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall
be void.
[Signature page follows]
2
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
,
Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first
above written.
Aperture AC
By:
/s/ Calvin Kung
Name:
Calvin Kung
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
[Signature page to IPO Promissory Note]
3