EX-10.1
2
ex10-1.htm
EX-10.1
Exhibit
10.1
EXECUTIVE
CHAIR AGREEMENT
THIS
EXECUTIVE CHAIR AGREEMENT
(the “
Agreement
”), dated as of November 17, 2025 and effective as of August
1, 2025 (the “
Effective Date
”), is entered into by and among Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, a Maryland
corporation (the “
Company
”), Mobile Infra Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
“
Operating Company
”), and Manuel Chavez III (the “
Executive
”).
WHEREAS
,
the Company, the Operating Company and Executive are presently parties to that certain Employment Agreement, entered into as of August
25, 2021, as amended August 23, 2022 and December 13, 2022 (the “
Prior Employment Agreement
”);
WHEREAS
,
Executive previously served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company;
WHEREAS
,
the Company and Executive desire for Executive to serve as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company (“
Executive
Chair
”) and Executive desires to serve in such capacity;
WHEREAS
,
in connection with Executive’s service as Executive Chair, the Company desires to enter into this Executive Chair Agreement embodying
the terms of Executive’s continued employment with the Company following the Effective Date, and Executive desires to enter into
this Agreement and to accept such continued employment; and
WHEREAS
,
the Company, the Operating Company and the Executive desire to enter into this Agreement, which will amend and restate and supersede
the Prior Employment Agreement.
NOW,
THEREFORE
, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, including
Executive’s continued employment with the Company, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and
Executive, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
1.
Terms of Employment
. The Executive shall be an employee of the Company, reporting directly to the Board of Directors (the “
Board
”),
and shall be subject to the Company’s policies on the same basis as other senior executives of the Company. The Company requires
that the Executive be available to assist with the Company’s portfolio composition, including the Company’s multi-year
portfolio optimization plan (the “
Portfolio Optimization Plan
”), and perform the duties of Executive
Chair customarily related to this function, including, without limitation (a) serving as Co-Chair of the Board, (b) acting as a liaison
between the Company’s senior management and the Board and its committees, (c) advising the Company’s senior management on
matters of Company operations, and (d) otherwise performing the duties of Co-Chair of the Board, as well as such other customary duties
as may be determined and assigned by the Board and as may be required by the Company’s governing instruments, including its charter,
bylaws and its corporate governance charters, each as amended or modified from time to time, and by applicable law, rule or regulation,
including, without limitation, the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Executive agrees to devote
such time as is reasonably and customarily necessary to perform completely Executive’s duties to the Company. The Executive will
perform such duties described herein in accordance with the general duty of executive officers and directors of the Company.
2.
Employment Period
. Executive’s employment hereunder shall continue following the Effective Date, terminable upon sixty (60)
days’ written notice by either party or upon Executive’s earlier death or Disability, removal or resignation (the “
Employment
Period
”).
3.
Principal Location
. During the Employment Period, Executive’s principal place of employment shall be the Cincinnati, Ohio
metropolitan area, except for travel to other locations as may be necessary to fulfill the Executive’s duties and responsibilities
hereunder.
4.
Policies and Procedures
. Executive agrees to be bound by the Company’s policies and procedures, as they may be amended by
the Company from time-to-time, appearing in a Company handbook, business practices manual, ethics manual, or other similar documents
made available to Executive.
5.
Compensation, Benefits, Etc
.
(a)
Annual Compensation
. During the Employment Period the Executive shall not be entitled to receive any base salary.
(b)
Equity Compensation on the Effective Date
. Within one hundred twenty (120) days following the Effective Date, the Company shall
grant Executive, subject to the Executive continuous employment with the Company through such date, 550,000 performance-based long-term
incentive units (the “
Equity Award
”). The Equity Award shall vest on December 31, 2027, subject to Executive’s
continuous employment with the Company through such date, and the satisfaction of the following performance conditions: (i) the satisfaction
of the completion of $100,000,000 in asset sales pursuant to the Portfolio Optimization Plan by December 31, 2027, and (ii) approval
by the Committee, which approval shall be in good faith, taking into consideration factors it deems relevant in its sole discretion.
The Equity Award shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Mobile Infrastructure Corporation and Mobile Infra Operating Company,
LLC 2023 Incentive Award Plan (as amended from time to time) and an award agreement.
(c)
Benefits
. During the Employment Period, Executive (and Executive’s spouse and/or eligible dependents to the extent provided
in the applicable plans, policies and programs) shall be eligible to participate in the health, welfare, retirement, savings and other
employee benefit plans, policies and programs maintained by the Company for the benefit of its senior executive officers as may be in
effect from time to time. Nothing contained in this Section 5(c) shall create or be deemed to create any obligation on the part of the
Company to adopt or maintain any plan, policy or program at any time or to create any limitation on the Company’s right to modify
or terminate any such plan, policy or program.
2
(d)
Expenses
. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable business
expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive’s services hereunder in accordance with the policies, practices
and procedures of the Company as in effect from time to time for senior executive officers of the Company.
(e)
Fringe Benefits
. During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive such fringe benefits and perquisites as are provided
by the Company to its senior executive officers from time to time, and shall receive such additional fringe benefits and perquisites
as the Company may, in its discretion, from time-to- time provide.
6.
Outstanding Equity Awards
. Executive’s outstanding equity awards, including the LTIP Units and Performance Units (each as
defined in the Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Operating Company) (your “
Outstanding Equity Awards
”)
will continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the respective award agreements, the Mobile Infrastructure Corporation and
Mobile Operating Company, LLC 2023 Incentive Award Plan, as amended, the Operating Agreement, and any other plan or agreement governing
the Equity Awards, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, Executive’s continued employment as Executive Chair will constitute
continued employment or service for purposes of your Outstanding Equity Awards.
7.
Termination of Employment
.
(a)
Notice of Termination
. The Company and the Executive may each terminate this Agreement at any time upon sixty (60) days’
written notice. Nothing contained herein or omitted herefrom shall prevent the stockholders of the Company from removing the Executive
Chair as a director of the Company as permitted under the Company’s charter, bylaws and its corporate governance documents, each
as amended or modified from time to time, or pursuant to applicable law, rule or regulation. The date on which Executive’s employment
hereunder with the Company terminates is referred to herein as the “
Date of Termination
”.
(b)
Termination of Offices and Directorships; Return of Property
. Upon termination of Executive’s employment hereunder for any
reason, unless otherwise specified in a written agreement between Executive and the Company, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned
from all offices, directorships, and other employment positions, if any, then held with the Company and any direct or indirect subsidiary
of the Company, and shall take all actions reasonably requested by the Company to effectuate the foregoing. In addition, upon the termination
of Executive’s employment for any reason, Executive agrees to return to the Company all documents of the Company and its affiliates
(and all copies thereof) and all other Company or Company affiliate property that Executive has in Executive’s possession, custody
or control. Such property includes, without limitation: (i) any materials of any kind that Executive knows contain or embody any proprietary
or confidential information of the Company or an affiliate of the Company (and all reproductions thereof), (ii) computers (including,
but not limited to, laptop computers, desktop computers and similar devices) and other portable electronic devices (including, but not
limited to, tablet computers), cellular phones/smartphones, credit cards, phone cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys, and
(iii) any correspondence, drawings, manuals, letters, notes, notebooks, reports, programs, plans, proposals, financial documents, or
any other documents concerning the customers, business plans, marketing strategies, products and/or processes of the Company or any of
its affiliates and any information received from the Company or any of its affiliates regarding third parties.
3
8.
Obligations of the Company upon Termination
.
(a)
Accrued Obligations
. In the event that Executive’s employment under this Agreement terminates during the Employment Period
for any reason, the Company will pay or provide to Executive: (i) reimbursement of any business expenses incurred by Executive prior
to the Date of Termination that are reimbursable in accordance with Section 5(d) hereof and (ii) any vested amounts due to Executive
under any plan, program or policy of the Company (together, the “
Accrued Obligations
”). The Accrued Obligations
described in clause (i) of the preceding sentence shall be paid within thirty (30) days after the Date of Termination (or such earlier
date as may be required by applicable law) and the Accrued Obligations described in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence shall be paid
in accordance with the terms of the governing plan or program.
(b)
Qualifying Termination
. Subject to Sections 8(d), 8(e) and 14(c), in the event the Executive’s employment with the Company
is terminated due to a Qualifying Termination, except to the extent an award agreement governing an equity award granted to Executive
specifically provides for the treatment of such equity award in the event of Executive’s termination of employment by the Company
other than for Cause or Executive’s resignation for Good Reason and provides that its terms shall supersede the provisions of this
Section 8(b), in which case the terms of such award agreement shall govern, then in addition to the Accrued Obligations: (i) all then-outstanding
Company equity-based awards held by Executive, to the extent subject to time-based vesting, accelerate in full (and such awards shall
become fully vested) as of the Date of Termination and (ii) to the extent the performance period is not complete, the target number of
performance based awards held by the Executive (irrespective of performance) shall accelerate in full (and such awards shall become fully
vested) as of the Date of Termination.
4
(c)
Exclusive Benefits
. Except as set forth in this Section 8, Executive shall not be entitled to any additional payments or benefits
upon or in connection with Executive’s termination of employment hereunder.
(d)
Except in the case of a termination of Executive’s employment due to death or Disability, it shall be a condition to Executive’s
right to receive the amounts provided for in Section 8(b) hereof that Executive execute and deliver to the Company an effective release
of claims in substantially the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A
(the “
Release
”) within twenty-one (21)
days (or, to the extent required by law, forty-five (45) days) following the Date of Termination and that Executive not revoke such Release
during any applicable revocation period.
(e)
Six-Month Delay
. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no compensation or benefits, including without limitation,
any benefits payable under Section 8 hereof, shall be paid to Executive during the six-month period following Executive’s Date
of Termination if the Company determines that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in this Agreement would be a prohibited
distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “
Code
”).
If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then on the first day of the seventh (7
th
)
month following the date of Date of Termination (or such earlier date upon which such amount can be paid under Section 409A without resulting
in a prohibited distribution, including as a result of Executive’s death), the Company shall pay Executive a lump-sum amount equal
to the cumulative amount that would have otherwise been payable to Executive during such period.
9.
Non-Exclusivity of Rights
. Amounts which are vested benefits or which Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan,
policy, practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the Company at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be payable
in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or agreement except as explicitly modified by this Agreement.
10.
Excess Parachute Payments; Limitation on Payments
.
(a)
Best Pay Cap
. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event that any payment or benefit received or to be
received by the Executive (including any payment or benefit received in connection with a termination of the Executive’s employment
hereunder, whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement) (all such payments and benefits
being hereinafter referred to as the “
Total Payments
”) would be subject (in whole or part), to the excise tax
(the “
Excise Tax
”) imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, then, after taking into account any reduction in
the Total Payments provided by reason of Section 280G of the Code in such other plan, arrangement or agreement, the cash severance payments
under this Agreement shall first be reduced, and the noncash severance payments hereunder shall thereafter be reduced, to the extent
necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments is subject to the Excise Tax but only if (i) the net amount of such Total Payments,
as so reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after
taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such reduced Total Payments) is greater
than or equal to (ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (but after subtracting the net amount of federal,
state and local income taxes on such Total Payments and the amount of Excise Tax to which the Executive would be subject in respect of
such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable
to such unreduced Total Payments).
5
(b)
Certain Exclusions
. For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise
Tax, (i) no portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which the Executive shall have waived at such time and in such
manner as not to constitute a “payment” within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account; (ii)
no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in the written opinion of an independent, nationally recognized accounting
firm (the “
Independent Advisors
”) selected by the Company, does not constitute a “parachute payment”
within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in calculating the
Excise Tax, no portion of such Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of Independent Advisors, constitutes
reasonable compensation for services actually rendered, within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the “base
amount” (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation; and (iii) the value of any non-cash
benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined by the Independent Advisors in accordance
with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code.
11.
Restrictive Covenants
.
(a)
Executive shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information, knowledge or data
relating to the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, which shall have been obtained by Executive in connection with Executive’s
employment by the Company and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts by Executive or representatives of Executive
in violation of this Agreement). After termination of Executive’s employment with the Company, Executive shall not, without the
prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or divulge any such information,
knowledge or data, to anyone other than the Company and those designated by it; p
rovided
,
however
, that if Executive receives
actual notice that Executive is or may be required by law or legal process to communicate or divulge any such information, knowledge
or data, Executive shall promptly so notify the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement is intended to or shall
prevent Executive from communicating directly with, cooperating with, or providing information (including trade secrets) in confidence
to, any federal, state or local government regulator (including, but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the U.S. Department of Justice) for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law, or from providing such information to Executive’s attorney or in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit
or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.
6
(b)
While employed by the Company, Executive shall not directly or indirectly solicit, induce, or encourage any employee or consultant of
the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate their employment or other relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries
or affiliates or to cease to render services to the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates and Executive shall not initiate discussion
with any such person for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual
or entity. During Executive’s employment with the Company and thereafter, Executive shall not use any trade secret, proprietary
or confidential information of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates to solicit, induce, or encourage any customer, client, vendor,
or other party doing business with the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate its relationship therewith or transfer
its business from the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates and Executive shall not initiate discussion with any such person for
any such purpose or authorize or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity. Further,
while employed by the Company Executive shall not solicit, induce, or encourage any customer, client, vendor, or other party doing business
with the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate its relationship therewith or transfer its business from the Company
or its subsidiaries or affiliates and Executive shall not initiate discussion with any such person for any such purpose or authorize
or knowingly cooperate with the taking of any such actions by any other individual or entity.
(c)
Executive agrees, while employed by the Company and following the Date of Termination, to refrain from disparaging the Company, its affiliates,
their respective services, technologies or practices, or any of their directors, officers, agents, representatives or stockholders, either
orally or in writing. The Company agrees, while Executive is employed by the Company and following the Date of Termination, that the
Company’s directors will refrain from disparaging Executive. Nothing in this paragraph shall preclude Executive, the Company or
the Company’s directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives or stockholders from making truthful statements that are
reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation or legal process, or to otherwise assert its rights under this Agreement
or otherwise against each other.
7
(d)
While employed by the Company Executive shall not directly or indirectly engage in, have any equity interest in, enter into a discussion
of which the primary purpose and intention of Executive is to interview for a potential executive or managerial employment or consulting
relationship with, or manage or operate any person, firm, corporation, partnership or business (whether as director, officer, employee,
agent, representative, partner, security holder, consultant or otherwise) that is primarily engaged in the business of acquiring, investing
in, owning, operating or leasing parking lots or parking garages in any central business district in the United States (the “
Restricted
Business
”). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, nothing shall prohibit Executive from (i) retaining any ownership
interest in the Company; (ii) being a passive owner of not more than 5% of the outstanding equity interest in any entity that competes
with the Company and is publicly traded, so long as Executive has no active participation in the business of such entity; (iii) continuing
to own assets, equity interests, indebtedness or other securities in companies engaged in the Restricted Business owned prior to the
date of this Agreement; (iv) owning, operating or leasing parking lots, parking garages or other parking facilities, directly or indirectly,
as a result of loss mitigation, foreclosure or similar activities in connection with or incidental to investments in mortgage loans,
mortgage servicing rights, mortgage-backed securities or other mortgage-related assets; or (v) rendering services with respect to that
property located at 25200 E. 68
th
Ave., Aurora CO 88019.
(e)
In recognition of the fact that irreparable injury will result to the Company in the event of a breach by Executive of Executive’s
obligations under Sections 11(a), 11(b), 11(c) and 11(d) hereof, that monetary damages for such breach would not be readily calculable,
and that the Company would not have an adequate remedy at law therefor, the Executive acknowledges, consents and agrees that in the event
of such breach, or the threat thereof, the Company shall be entitled, in addition to any other legal remedies and damages available,
to specific performance thereof and to temporary and permanent injunctive relief (without the necessity of posting a bond) to restrain
the violation or threatened violation of such obligations by Executive.
(f)
Executive agrees that the provisions in this Section 11 of the Agreement, including the duration and scope of the post-employment restrictions,
are reasonably necessary to protect the Company’s goodwill with customers, employees, and third-parties that conduct business with
the Company, and to protect its confidential information. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the covenants in this Section 11 do
not prohibit, penalize, or function to prevent Executive from earning a living seeking or accepting employment with any person or entity
after separation from the Company or otherwise interfere with Executive’s ability to earn a living in a field of Executive’s
choice.
8
(g)
The parties hereto agree that if any provision of this Section 11 is held to be unenforceable, then that provision will be modified to
the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable, unless that modification is not permitted by law, in which case that provision will
be disregarded. The parties further agree that if an unenforceable provision is modified or disregarded in accordance with the foregoing,
then the rest of the Agreement will remain in effect as written and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. The parties also
agree that any unenforceable provision will remain as written in any circumstances other than those in which the provision is held to
be unenforceable.
12.
Successors
.
(a)
This Agreement is personal to Executive and, without the prior written consent of the Company, shall not be assignable by Executive otherwise
than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive’s
legal representatives.
(b)
Without the prior written consent of Executive, this Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company; p
rovided
,
however
,
that the Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to
the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.
13.
Certain Definitions
(a)
“
Cause
” means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events unless, to the extent capable of correction,
Executive fully corrects the circumstances constituting Cause within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Notice of Termination:
(i)
the Executive’s willful failure to substantially perform Executive’s duties with the Company (other than any such failure
resulting from the Executive’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness or any such actual or anticipated failure after Executive’s
issuance of a Notice of Termination for Good Reason), after a written demand for performance is delivered to the Executive by the Board,
which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the Board believes that the Executive has not performed Executive’s duties;
9
(ii)
the Executive’s commission of an act of fraud or material dishonesty resulting in reputational, economic or financial injury to
the Company;
(iii)
the Executive’s conviction of, or no contest plea to, a felony (other than a traffic violation); or
(iv)
the Executive’s material breach of any of Executive’s material obligations under this Agreement.
(b)
“
Disability
” means a disability that qualifies or, had Executive been a participant, would qualify, Executive
to receive long-term disability payments under the Company’s group long-term disability insurance plan or program, as it may be
amended from time to time.
(c)
“
Good Reason
” means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events without Executive’s prior
written consent, unless the Company fully corrects the circumstances constituting Good Reason (provided such circumstances are capable
of correction) as provided below:
(i)
a material change in Executive’s reporting relationship unless remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof
given by Executive;
(ii)
a material change in the geographic location of the Principal Location which shall, in any event, include only a relocation of the Principal
Location by more than thirty (30) miles from its existing location; or
(iii)
the Company’s material breach of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive will not be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason unless (1) Executive provides the Company with written notice
setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed by Executive to constitute Good Reason within ninety (90) days
after the date of the occurrence of any event that Executive knows or should reasonably have known to constitute Good Reason, (2) the
Company fails to cure such acts or omissions within thirty (30) days following its receipt of such notice, and (3) the effective date
of Executive’s termination for Good Reason occurs no later than sixty (60) days after the expiration of the Company’s cure
period.
(d)
“
Qualifying Termination
” means a termination of Executive’s employment (i) by the Company without Cause,
(ii) by the Executive for Good Reason, or (iii) by reason of the Executive’s death or Disability.
10
14.
Miscellaneous
.
(a)
Governing Law
. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without reference
to principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect.
(b)
Notices
. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party
or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:
If
to the Executive
:
At
the Executive’s most recent address on the records of the Company.
If
to the Company
:
Mobile
Infrastructure Corporation
30
W. 4th Street
Cincinnati,
Ohio 45202
Attn:
Chair of the Compensation Committee with a copy to:
Venable
LLP
750
E. Pratt St., Suite 900
Baltimore,
Maryland 21202
Attn:
Hirsh Ament
or
to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications
shall be effective when actually received by the addressee.
(c)
Section 409A of the Code
.
(i)
To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury
regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder (“
Section 409A
”). Notwithstanding any provision
of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company determines that any compensation or benefits payable under this Agreement may be subject
to Section 409A, the Company shall work in good faith with the Executive to adopt such amendments to this Agreement or adopt other policies
and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the parties determine
are necessary or appropriate to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A, including without limitation, actions intended to (i)
exempt the compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement from Section 409A, and/or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section
409A.
11
(ii)
Any right to a series of installment payments pursuant to this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments.
To the extent permitted under Section 409A, any separate payment or benefit under this Agreement or otherwise shall not be deemed “nonqualified
deferred compensation” subject to Section 409A to the extent provided in the exceptions in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4),
Section 1.409A-1(b)(9) or any other applicable exception or provision of Section 409A. Any payments subject to Section 409A that are
subject to execution of a waiver and release which may be executed and/or revoked in a calendar year following the calendar year in which
the payment event (such as termination of employment) occurs shall commence payment only in the calendar year in which the consideration
period or, if applicable, release revocation period ends, as necessary to comply with Section 409A. To the extent necessary to comply
with Section 409A, all payments of nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A to be made upon a termination of employment
under this Agreement may only be made upon the Executive’s Separation from Service (as defined in Section 409A).
(iii)
To the extent that any payments or reimbursements provided to the Executive under this Agreement are deemed to constitute compensation
to the Executive to which Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) would apply, such amounts shall be paid or reimbursed reasonably
promptly, but not later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of any such payments
eligible for reimbursement in one year shall not affect the payments or expenses that are eligible for payment or reimbursement in any
other taxable year, and the Executive’s right to such payments or reimbursement of any such expenses shall not be subject to liquidation
or exchange for any other benefit.
(d)
Severability
. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision of this Agreement.
(e)
Withholding
. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local or foreign taxes
as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.
(f)
No Waiver
. Executive’s or the Company’s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement
or the failure to assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision
or right or any other provision or right of this Agreement.
12
(g)
Effectiveness; Entire Agreement
. This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date. As of the Effective Date, this
Agreement (together with the Award Agreements) constitutes the final, complete and exclusive agreement between the Executive and the
Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and replaces and supersedes any and all other agreements (including, without limitation,
the Prior Employment Agreement), offers or promises, whether oral or written, by any member of the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates,
or representatives thereof. Prior to the Effective Date, the Prior Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
(h)
Amendment; Survival
. No amendment or other modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and signed
by the parties hereto. The respective rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall survive Executive’s termination
of employment and the termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary for the intended preservation of such rights and obligations.
(i)
Counterparts
. This Agreement and any agreement referenced herein may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original but which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
*
* *
[
Signature
page follows
]
13
IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date and year first above written.
COMPANY:
MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION
By:
/s/ Stephanie
 Hogue
Name:
Stephanie Hogue
Title:
Chief Executive Officer and President
OPERATING COMPANY
MOBILE INFRA OPERATING COMPANY, LLC
By:
/s/ Stephanie
 Hogue
Name:
Stephanie Hogue
Title:
Chief Executive Officer and President
EXECUTIVE
/s/
 Manuel Chavez
Manuel Chavez
[Signature
Page to Executive Chair Agreement – Manuel Chavez III]
EXHIBIT
A
GENERAL
RELEASE
For
valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the undersigned
does hereby release and forever discharge the “
Releasees
” hereunder, consisting of MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION,
a Maryland corporation (the “
Corporation
”), MOBILE INFRA OPERATING COMPANY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the “
OC
”, and together with the Corporation, the “
Company
”), and the Company’s
partners, subsidiaries, parent entities, associates, affiliates, predecessors, successors, heirs, assigns, agents, directors, officers,
employees, independent contractors, representatives, lawyers, insurers, and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with
them, or any of them (each in their capacity as such), of and from any and all manner of action or actions, cause or causes of action,
in law or in equity, suits, debts, liens, contracts, agreements, promises, liability, claims, demands, damages, losses, costs, attorneys’
fees or expenses, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, fixed or contingent (hereinafter called “
Claims
”),
which the undersigned now has or may hereafter have against the Releasees, or any of them, by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever
from the beginning of time to the date hereof. The Claims released herein include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
any Claims in any way arising out of, based upon, or related to the employment or termination of employment of the undersigned by the
Releasees, or any of them; any alleged breach of any express or implied contract of employment; any alleged torts or other alleged legal
restrictions on Releasees’ right to terminate the employment of the undersigned; and any alleged violation of any federal, state
or local statute or ordinance including, without limitation, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 1991, the Civil Rights Act
of 1870, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, the Rehabilitation
Act of 1973, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Age Discrimination In Employment Act, the Americans
With Disabilities Act, the Ohio Fair Employment Practices Act, the Ohio Workers’ Compensation Act, the Ohio Whistleblower Protection
Law, and any other law, statute, regulation or ordinance prohibiting employment discrimination or governing employment. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this general release (the “
Release
”) shall not operate to release any rights or Claims of the
undersigned (i) to payments or benefits under any equity award agreement between the undersigned and the Company, (ii) with respect to
Section 5 of the t Agreement, (iii) to accrued or vested benefits the undersigned may have, if any, as of the date hereof under any applicable
plan, policy, practice, program, contract or agreement with the Company, (iv) to any Claims, including claims for indemnification and/or
advancement of expenses arising under any indemnification agreement between the undersigned and the Company or under the bylaws, certificate
of incorporation or other similar governing document of the Company, (v) to any Claims which cannot be waived by an employee under applicable
law, or (vi) with respect to the undersigned’s right to communicate directly with, cooperate with, or provide information to, any
federal, state or local government regulator.
THE
UNDERSIGNED ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED BY LEGAL COUNSEL AND IS FAMILIAR WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL
CODE SECTION 1542, WHICH PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS:
“A
GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING
THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
THE
UNDERSIGNED, BEING AWARE OF SAID CODE SECTION, HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS THE EXECUTIVE MAY HAVE THEREUNDER, AS WELL AS UNDER
ANY OTHER STATUTES OR COMMON LAW PRINCIPLES OF SIMILAR EFFECT.
IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE OLDER WORKERS BENEFIT PROTECTION ACT OF 1990, THE UNDERSIGNED IS HEREBY ADVISED AS FOLLOWS:
(A)
THE EXECUTIVE HAS THE RIGHT TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE SIGNING THIS RELEASE;
(B)
THE EXECUTIVE HAS TWENTY-ONE (21) DAYS TO CONSIDER THIS RELEASE BEFORE SIGNING IT; AND
(C)
THE EXECUTIVE HAS SEVEN (7) DAYS AFTER SIGNING THIS RELEASE TO REVOKE THIS RELEASE, AND THIS RELEASE WILL BECOME EFFECTIVE UPON THE EXPIRATION
OF THAT REVOCATION PERIOD.
The
undersigned represents and warrants that there has been no assignment or other transfer of any interest in any Claim which the Executive
may have against Releasees, or any of them, and the undersigned agrees to indemnify and hold Releasees, and each of them, harmless from
any liability, Claims, demands, damages, costs, expenses and attorneys’ fees incurred by Releasees, or any of them, as the result
of any such assignment or transfer or any rights or Claims under any such assignment or transfer. It is the intention of the parties
that this indemnity does not require payment as a condition precedent to recovery by the Releasees against the undersigned under this
indemnity.
Notwithstanding
anything herein, the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1833(b), the undersigned will not be held criminally
or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (i) in confidence to
a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting
or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such
filing is made under seal.
The
undersigned further understands and agrees that neither the payment of any sum of money nor the execution of this Release shall constitute
or be construed as an admission of any liability whatsoever by the Releasees, or any of them, who have consistently taken the position
that they have no liability whatsoever to the undersigned.
IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this
Release this___ day of_________ .
Manuel Chavez III