EX-4.1
3
ex4-1.htm
EX-4.1
Exhibit
4.1
THE
REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT
EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR
HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE WARRANT FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS FOLLOWING THE INITIAL EXERCISE DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE
OTHER THAN (I) THINKEQUITY LLC, OR AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR
PARTNER OF THINKEQUITY LLC OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER.
THIS
PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR TO MAY 11, 2026 AND VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, NOVEMBER 12, 2030.
WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK
OFF
THE HOOK YS INC.
Warrant
Shares:
Initial
Exercise Date: May 11, 2026
THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the “
Warrant
”) certifies that, for value received,                   or its assigns (the “
Holder
”)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
May 11, 2026 (the “
Initial Exercise Date
”) and, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) on the date that is five (5) years following November 12, 2030 (the “
Termination Date
”) but not thereafter,
to subscribe for and purchase from Off the Hook YS Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “
Company
”), up to 33,404 shares
(the “Warrant Shares”) of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the “
Common Stock
”),
as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2(b).
Section
1
.
Definitions
. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:
“
Affiliate
”
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.
“
Business
Day
” means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.
“
Commission
”
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
“
Exchange
Act
” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
“
Person
”
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.
“
Rule
144
” means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.
“
Securities
Act
” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
“
Trading
Day
” means a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading.
“
Trading
Market
” means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).
“
VWAP
”
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of a share of Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Common Stock are then reported in the “Pink Sheets”
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.
Section
2
.
Exercise
.
a)
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly
executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days following the
date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashier’s check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within two (2) Business Days of receipt
of such notice.
The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.
b)
Exercise Price
. The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $5.00, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the “
Exercise Price
”).
c)
Cashless Exercise
. In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashier’s
check, at the election of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a “cashless
exercise” in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
[(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:
(A)
 =
as
 applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
 Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
 and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of “regular trading hours” (as defined
 in Rule 600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP on the Trading
 Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during “regular
 trading hours” on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close
 of “regular trading hours” on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
 Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered
 pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of “regular trading hours” on such Trading Day;
(B)
 =
the
 Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and
(X)
 =
the
 number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
 exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.
If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a “cashless exercise,” the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the
holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to
take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).
Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).
d)
Mechanics of Exercise
.
i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise
. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
its transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holder’s or its designee’s balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (“
DWAC
”) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as
defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Company’s share register in the name of
the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise (such date, the “
Warrant Share Delivery Date
”). If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer
agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company, any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to
deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including
with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer
agent shall have received from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide
a confirmation as to the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless
exercise of this Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be
deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder
of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise
Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior
to the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a Notice of Exercise by the second Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in
cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the
Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading
Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second Trading Day following such Warrant Share Delivery
Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise
. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.
iii.
Rescission Rights
. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise;
provided
,
however
,
that the Holder shall be required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently
with the return to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holder’s
right to acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such
restored right).
iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise
. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on
or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) or the Holder’s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a “
Buy-In
”),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder’s total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price
at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the
portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall
be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely
complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase
price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving
rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to
pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of
the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder’s right to
pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company’s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant
as required pursuant to the terms hereof.
v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip
. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.
vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses
. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder;
provided
,
however
, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.
vii.
Closing of Books
. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.
viii.
Signature
. This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder
in order to exercise this Purchase Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise
this Purchase Warrant. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this
Purchase Warrant. The Company shall honor exercises of this Purchase Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Purchase Warrant
in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth herein.
e)
Holder’s Exercise Limitations
. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holder’s Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder’s Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation,
any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in
the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder’s determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company’s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company’s
transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company
shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The “
Beneficial Ownership Limitation
” shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.
The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e),
provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of
this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61
st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be
defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder
of this Warrant.
Section
3
.
Certain Adjustments
.
a)
Stock Dividends and Splits
. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price
of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option
to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option
to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise
Price then in effect.
b)
[RESERVED]
c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings
. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the “
Purchase Rights
”), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the
Holder’s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).
d)
Pro Rata Distributions
. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other
than cash dividends) or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way
of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options
by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a “
Distribution
”),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (
provided
,
however
, to the extent that the Holder’s right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the
time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder
has exercised this Warrant.
e)
Fundamental Transaction
. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock,
(iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a “
Fundamental Transaction
”), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the “
Alternate Consideration
”) receivable by holders of Common Stock as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction for each share of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the “
Successor Entity
”) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and
approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity
(or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant referring to the “Company” shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and
power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Company herein.
f)
Calculations
. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.
g)
Notice to Holder
.
i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price
. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the
number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.
ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder
. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed a notice to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear
upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified,
stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock
of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect
therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice
provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, nonpublic information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company
shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.
Section
4
.
Transfer of Warrant
.
a)
Transferability
. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call
transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately
following the date of effectiveness or commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except the
transfer of any security:
i.
by operation of law or by reason of reorganization of the Company;
ii.
to any FINRA member firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain
subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;
.
if the aggregate amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being offered;
iii.
that is beneficially owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages
or otherwise directs investments by the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the
fund; or
iv.
the exercise or conversion of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a)
for the remainder of the time period.
Subject
to the foregoing restriction, any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights
hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant
at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant
or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant
full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.
b)
New Warrants
. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.
c)
Warrant Register
. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
“
Warrant Register
”), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.
d)
Representation by the Holder
. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.
Section
5. Registration Rights.
5.1.
Demand Registration
.
5.1.1
Grant of Right
. The Company, upon written demand (a “Demand Notice”) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants
and/or the underlying Warrant Shares (“Majority Holders”), agrees to register, on one occasion, all or any portion of the
Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants (collectively, the “Registrable Securities”). On such occasion, the Company will file
a registration statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice
and use its reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance
with review by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company
has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section
5.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such
registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration
statement has been withdrawn or until thirty (30) days after such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at
any time beginning on the Initial Exercise Date and expiring on the fifth anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date. The Company covenants
and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants
and/or the Registrable Securities within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.
5.1.2
Terms
. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section
5.1.1, but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to
represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause
the filing required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably
requested by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities
in a State in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State
or submit to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal stockholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their
shares of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted
under Section 5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the
Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders
shall only use the prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately
cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due
to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand
registration under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary
of the date of the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below) in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B) and 5110(g)(8)(C).
5.2
“Piggy-Back” Registration.
5.2.1
Grant of Right.
In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right,
for a period of no more than two (2) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the
Registrable Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction
contemplated by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however,
that if, solely in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s)
thereof shall, in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be included in the Registration Statement
because, in such underwriter(s)’ judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public
distribution, then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable
Securities with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of
Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number
of Registrable Securities sought to be included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable
Securities unless the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such
securities in such Registration Statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.
5.2.2
Terms
. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1
hereof, but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders
to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company
shall furnish the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the
proposed date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement
filed by the Company during the two (2) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities
have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the “piggy-back” rights provided for
herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Company’s notice of its intention to file a registration
statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration
under this Section 5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date.
5.3
General Terms
5.3.1
Indemnification
. The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration
statement hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 (a) of the Exchange Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys’ fees and
other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become
subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent
and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters contained in Section
5.1 of the Underwriting Agreement between the Underwriters and the Company, dated as of November 12, 2025. The Holder(s) of the Registrable
Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify
the Company, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys’ fees and other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors
or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions
contained in Section 5.2 of the Underwriting Agreement pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.
5.3.2
Exercise of Warrants
. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise their Warrants
prior to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.
5.3.3
Documents Delivered to Holders
. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to
each underwriter of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel
to the Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering,
an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a “cold comfort” letter
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a letter
dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which has
issued a report on the Company’s financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially
the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants’
letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuer’s
counsel and in accountants’ letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall
also deliver promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to
the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all
memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder
and underwriter to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the
registration statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation
shall include access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and
independent auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.
5.3.4
Underwriting Agreement
. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected
by any Holders whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such
managing underwriters, and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily
contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating
to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties
and covenants of the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such
Holders shall not be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except
as they may relate to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of distribution.
5.3.5
Documents to be Delivered by Holder(s)
. Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to
the Company a completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security
holders.
5.3.6
Damages
. Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company
or the Company otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available
to the Holder(s), be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened
breach of such provisions or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity
of posting bond or other security.
Section
6
.
Miscellaneous
.
a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise
. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).
b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant
. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and
in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall
not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company
will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or
stock certificate.
c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc
. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.
d)
Authorized Shares
.
The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).
Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.
Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.
e)
Jurisdiction
. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the underwriting agreement, dated November 12, 2025, by and between the Company and ThinkEquity
LLC as representatives of the underwriters set forth therein (the “Underwriting Agreement”).
f)
Restrictions
. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.
g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses
. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder’s rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.
h)
Notices
. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.
i)
Limitation of Liability
. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.
j)
Remedies
. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.
k)
Successors and Assigns
. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.
l)
Amendment
. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.
m)
Severability
. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.
n)
Headings
. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.
********************
(Signature
Page Follows)
IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.
OFF
THE HOOK YS INC.
By:
______________________________
Name:
______________________________
Title:
______________________________
NOTICE
OF EXERCISE
TO:
OFF
 THE HOOK YS INC.
______________________________
(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase______________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.
(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):
II
] in lawful money of the United States; or
II
] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).
(3)
Please register and issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:
______________________________
The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:
______________________________
______________________________
______________________________
(4)
Accredited Investor
. If the Warrant is being exercised via cash exercise, the undersigned is an “accredited investor”
as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]
Name
of Investing Entity:_________________________
Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity
:
Name
of Authorized Signatory:_____________________
Title
of Authorized Signatory:______________________
Date:
ASSIGNMENT
FORM
(To
assign the foregoing warrant, execute
this form and supply required information.
Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)
FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, [  ] all of or [  ] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to
________________________________________
whose address is
________________________________________________________.
________________________________________________________
Dated:
_______________, ______
Holder’s
Signature: __________________________
Holder’s
Address: __________________________
_________________________________________
NOTE:
The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatsoever. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper
evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.